Formatter / schema.org / Add croissant spec 🥐 (#8939)
geonetwork/core-geonetwork: docs/manual/docs/tutorials/introduction/extra/index.md

```shell
User-agent: *
Disallow: /geonetwork/catalog/
Disallow: /geonetwork/static/
Sitemap: http://localhost:8080/geonetwork/srv/api/sitemap
```

This file contains references to the sitemap which register all record landing pages available for indexing. The sitemap is paginated if needed. For better indexing, you may need to register the sitemap manually at individual search engines.

```xml
<urlset xmlns="http://www.sitemaps.org/schemas/sitemap/0.9" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.sitemaps.org/schemas/sitemap/0.9 https://www.sitemaps.org/schemas/sitemap/0.9/sitemap.xsd">
  <url>
    <loc>http://localhost:8080/geonetwork/srv/api/records/da165110-88fd-11da-a88f-000d939bc5d8?language=all</loc>
    <lastmod>2024-06-04</lastmod>
  </url>
```

> GeoNetwork includes a representation of that record in [schema.org](https://schema.org/) (Structured Data for the Web) framework, encoded as [`json-ld`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON-LD), on any HTML representation (through the GeoNetwork API / sitemap) of a published metadata record. The `json-ld` representation is embedded in the html page as a script element and contains also [Croissant extension](https://docs.mlcommons.org/croissant/). "Croissant 🥐 is a high-level format for machine learning datasets that combines metadata, resource file descriptions, data structure, and default ML semantics into a single file; it works with existing datasets to make them easier to find, use, and support with tools. Croissant builds on schema.org, and its Dataset vocabulary, a widely used format to represent datasets on the Web, and make them searchable." It covers data model aspects (ISO19110) and additional details about distributions not covered by schema.org.

Reviewer: I am having some trouble understanding what "that record" refers to, I am assuimg the sitemap record above.

The paragraph also transitions from talking about the site map record ... to talking about any record? (please confirm).

```suggestion
GeoNetwork includes a representation of the sitemap record in [schema.org](https://schema.org/) (Structured Data for the Web) framework:

 *   Published metadata record accessed through sitemap / GeoNetwork API as HTML include [`json-ld`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON-LD) linked data (embedded JSON in the HTML page as a script element). 

 *   The included `json-ld` uses vocabulary from schema.org and also the [Croissant extension](https://docs.mlcommons.org/croissant/) for machine learning.

     > Croissant 🥐 is a high-level format for machine learning datasets that combines metadata, resource file descriptions, data structure, and default ML semantics into a single file; it works with existing datasets to make them easier to find, use, and support with tools. Croissant builds on schema.org, and its Dataset vocabulary, a widely used format to represent datasets on the Web, and make them searchable.
     
     Croissant is used to cover data model aspects (ISO19110) and additional details about distributions not covered by schema.org.
```
